README.md, before:

👤 **My GFG Profile**: [Sanidhya on GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/user/sanidhyizm1/)

## 📅 Daily Log

| Day   | Date       | Problem Name                          | Platform | Link                                                                 | Status |
|-------|------------|----------------------------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Day 1 | 2025-07-10 | Sort 0s, 1s, and 2s                   | GFG      | [Problem](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sort-an-array-of-0s-1s-and-2s/1) | ✅ |
| Day 1 | 2025-07-10 | Bipartite graph                       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/bipartite-graph/1)         | ✅ |
| Day 2 | 2025-07-11 | Topological Sort (DFS)               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/topological-sort/1)        | ✅ |
| Day 2 | 2025-07-11 | Cycle Detection in Directed Graph    | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/detect-cycle-in-a-directed-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 2 | 2025-07-11 | Cycle Detection in Undirected Graph  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/detect-cycle-in-an-undirected-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 3 | 2025-07-12 | Shortest Path in Directed Acyclic Graph | GFG   | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/shortest-path-in-directed-acyclic-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 3 | 2025-07-12 | Graph BFS Traversal                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/bfs-traversal-of-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 3 | 2025-07-12 | Graph DFS Traversal                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/depth-first-traversal-for-a-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 4 | 2025-07-13 | Number of Provinces                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/number-of-provinces/1) | ✅ |
| Day 4 | 2025-07-13 | Missing Number in Array              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/missing-number-in-array1416/1) | ✅ |
| Day 5 | 2025-07-14 | Rotate Array by One                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/rotate-array-by-one2614/1) | ✅ |
| Day 5 | 2025-07-14 | Min and Max in Array                 | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-minimum-and-maximum-element-in-an-array4428/1) | ✅ |
| Day 5 | 2025-07-14 | Rotate Array by D elements           | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/rotate-array-by-n-elements-1587115621/1) | ✅ |
| Day 6 | 2025-07-15 | Dijkstra Algorithm                    | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/implementing-dijkstra-set-1-adjacency-matrix/1) | ✅ |
| Day 6 | 2025-07-15 | Check if Array is Sorted              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/check-if-an-array-is-sorted0701/1) | ✅ |
| Day 6 | 2025-07-15 | K Largest Elements                    | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/k-largest-elements4206/1) | ✅ |
| Day 7 | 2025-07-16 | Binary Search (First Occurrence)       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/binary-search-1587115620/1) | ✅ |
| Day 7 | 2025-07-16 | First and Second Smallests             | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/first-and-second-smallest-elements/0) | ✅ |
| Day 8 | 2025-07-17 | Delete Kth Element from Singly Linked List | GFG | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-a-node-in-single-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 8 | 2025-07-17 | Print Linked List                         | GFG | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/print-linked-list-elements/1) | ✅ |
| Day 8 | 2025-07-17 | Delete Middle of Linked List              | GFG | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-middle-of-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 9 | 2025-07-18 | Delete Node in Doubly Linked List      | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-node-in-doubly-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 9 | 2025-07-18 | Array to Linked List                   | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/array-to-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 10 | 2025-07-19 | Count Linked List Nodes              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/count-nodes-in-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 10 | 2025-07-19 | Delete Alternate Nodes               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-alternate-nodes/1) | ✅ |
| Day 10 | 2025-07-19 | Reorder List                         | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/reorder-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 11 | 2025-07-20 | Remove Elements from Linked List      | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-a-node-in-single-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 11 | 2025-07-20 | Reverse Doubly Linked List            | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/reverse-a-doubly-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 11 | 2025-07-20 | Insert in Middle of Linked List       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/insert-in-middle-of-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 12 | 2025-07-21 | Kth Smallest Element in Array         | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/kth-smallest-element5635/1) | ✅ |
| Day 12 | 2025-07-21 | Missing and Repeating Number          | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-missing-and-repeating2512/1) | ✅ |
| Day 13 | 2025-07-22 | Array Insert at End       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/array-insert-at-end/1) | ✅ |
| Day 13 | 2025-07-22 | Largest Product           | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/largest-product/1)     | ✅ |
| Day 14 | 2025-07-23 | Common Elements in 3 Sorted Arrays | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/common-elements1132/1) | ✅ |
| Day 15 | 2025-07-24 | Check Equal Arrays                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/check-if-two-arrays-are-equal-or-not3847/1) | ✅ |
| Day 15 | 2025-07-24 | Indexes of Subarray Sum             | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/subarray-with-given-sum/0) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Move All Zeroes to End            | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/move-all-zeroes-to-end-of-array0751/1) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Single Among Doubles              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/single-number-ii/1) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Single Among Doubles (Sorted)     | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-the-element-that-appears-once-in-sorted-array/0) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Unique Number III                 | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/unique-number-iii/1) | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Concatenate Two Strings               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/c-string-concatenate/1) | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Crazy String                          | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/crazy-string/1)         | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | First Occurrence of Substring         | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/first-occurrence/1)     | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Easy String Compression (Case-Insensitive) | GFG  | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/easy-string/1)         | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Remainder with 7                      | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/remainder-with-7/1)     | ✅ |
| Day 18 | 2025-07-27 | Sort a String               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sort-a-string/1)    | ✅ |
| Day 18 | 2025-07-27 | Good or Bad String          | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/good-or-bad-string/1) | ✅ |
| Day 18 | 2025-07-27 | Palindrome String           | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/palindrome-string0817/1) | ✅ |



---

✍️ More updates coming daily!

Commit message:

Added daily log table with Day 19 problem

README.md, after:

👤 **My GFG Profile**: [Sanidhya on GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/user/sanidhyizm1/)

## 📅 Daily Log

| Day   | Date       | Problem Name                          | Platform | Link                                                                 | Status |
|-------|------------|----------------------------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Day 1 | 2025-07-10 | Sort 0s, 1s, and 2s                   | GFG      | [Problem](https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sort-an-array-of-0s-1s-and-2s/1) | ✅ |
| Day 1 | 2025-07-10 | Bipartite graph                       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/bipartite-graph/1)         | ✅ |
| Day 2 | 2025-07-11 | Topological Sort (DFS)               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/topological-sort/1)        | ✅ |
| Day 2 | 2025-07-11 | Cycle Detection in Directed Graph    | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/detect-cycle-in-a-directed-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 2 | 2025-07-11 | Cycle Detection in Undirected Graph  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/detect-cycle-in-an-undirected-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 3 | 2025-07-12 | Shortest Path in Directed Acyclic Graph | GFG   | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/shortest-path-in-directed-acyclic-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 3 | 2025-07-12 | Graph BFS Traversal                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/bfs-traversal-of-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 3 | 2025-07-12 | Graph DFS Traversal                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/depth-first-traversal-for-a-graph/1) | ✅ |
| Day 4 | 2025-07-13 | Number of Provinces                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/number-of-provinces/1) | ✅ |
| Day 4 | 2025-07-13 | Missing Number in Array              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/missing-number-in-array1416/1) | ✅ |
| Day 5 | 2025-07-14 | Rotate Array by One                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/rotate-array-by-one2614/1) | ✅ |
| Day 5 | 2025-07-14 | Min and Max in Array                 | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-minimum-and-maximum-element-in-an-array4428/1) | ✅ |
| Day 5 | 2025-07-14 | Rotate Array by D elements           | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/rotate-array-by-n-elements-1587115621/1) | ✅ |
| Day 6 | 2025-07-15 | Dijkstra Algorithm                    | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/implementing-dijkstra-set-1-adjacency-matrix/1) | ✅ |
| Day 6 | 2025-07-15 | Check if Array is Sorted              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/check-if-an-array-is-sorted0701/1) | ✅ |
| Day 6 | 2025-07-15 | K Largest Elements                    | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/k-largest-elements4206/1) | ✅ |
| Day 7 | 2025-07-16 | Binary Search (First Occurrence)       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/binary-search-1587115620/1) | ✅ |
| Day 7 | 2025-07-16 | First and Second Smallests             | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/first-and-second-smallest-elements/0) | ✅ |
| Day 8 | 2025-07-17 | Delete Kth Element from Singly Linked List | GFG | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-a-node-in-single-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 8 | 2025-07-17 | Print Linked List                         | GFG | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/print-linked-list-elements/1) | ✅ |
| Day 8 | 2025-07-17 | Delete Middle of Linked List              | GFG | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-middle-of-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 9 | 2025-07-18 | Delete Node in Doubly Linked List      | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-node-in-doubly-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 9 | 2025-07-18 | Array to Linked List                   | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/array-to-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 10 | 2025-07-19 | Count Linked List Nodes              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/count-nodes-in-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 10 | 2025-07-19 | Delete Alternate Nodes               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-alternate-nodes/1) | ✅ |
| Day 10 | 2025-07-19 | Reorder List                         | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/reorder-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 11 | 2025-07-20 | Remove Elements from Linked List      | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-a-node-in-single-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 11 | 2025-07-20 | Reverse Doubly Linked List            | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/reverse-a-doubly-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 11 | 2025-07-20 | Insert in Middle of Linked List       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/insert-in-middle-of-linked-list/1) | ✅ |
| Day 12 | 2025-07-21 | Kth Smallest Element in Array         | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/kth-smallest-element5635/1) | ✅ |
| Day 12 | 2025-07-21 | Missing and Repeating Number          | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-missing-and-repeating2512/1) | ✅ |
| Day 13 | 2025-07-22 | Array Insert at End       | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/array-insert-at-end/1) | ✅ |
| Day 13 | 2025-07-22 | Largest Product           | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/largest-product/1)     | ✅ |
| Day 14 | 2025-07-23 | Common Elements in 3 Sorted Arrays | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/common-elements1132/1) | ✅ |
| Day 15 | 2025-07-24 | Check Equal Arrays                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/check-if-two-arrays-are-equal-or-not3847/1) | ✅ |
| Day 15 | 2025-07-24 | Indexes of Subarray Sum             | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/subarray-with-given-sum/0) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Move All Zeroes to End            | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/move-all-zeroes-to-end-of-array0751/1) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Single Among Doubles              | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/single-number-ii/1) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Single Among Doubles (Sorted)     | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-the-element-that-appears-once-in-sorted-array/0) | ✅ |
| Day 16 | 2025-07-25 | Unique Number III                 | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/unique-number-iii/1) | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Concatenate Two Strings               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/c-string-concatenate/1) | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Crazy String                          | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/crazy-string/1)         | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | First Occurrence of Substring         | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/first-occurrence/1)     | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Easy String Compression (Case-Insensitive) | GFG  | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/easy-string/1)         | ✅ |
| Day 17 | 2025-07-26 | Remainder with 7                      | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/remainder-with-7/1)     | ✅ |
| Day 18 | 2025-07-27 | Sort a String               | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/sort-a-string/1)    | ✅ |
| Day 18 | 2025-07-27 | Good or Bad String          | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/good-or-bad-string/1) | ✅ |
| Day 18 | 2025-07-27 | Palindrome String           | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/palindrome-string0817/1) | ✅ |
| Day 19 | 2025-07-28 | Swap the Numbers                    | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/swap-the-numbers--150024/1?page=1&sortBy=difficulty) | ✅ |
| Day 19 | 2025-07-28 | Search in a Matrix                  | GFG      | [Problem](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/search-in-a-matrix--021840/0?page=1&category=Arrays&sortBy=difficulty) | ✅ |


---

✍️ More updates coming daily!
